BD-2191: Add keyboard shortcuts for Canvas comments (#5595)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/canvas_comments.md

> By default, the sidebar will show open comments. You can toggle to view open comments or all comments by using the <i class="fa-solid fa-sliders"></i> filter icon.

Author: ```suggestion
By default, the sidebar will show open comments. You can toggle to view open comments, resolved comments, and all comments by using the <i class="fa-solid fa-sliders"></i> filter icon.
```
